hello everyone and welcome to a new vlog
today is the day before my last exam and
I'm so excited to be done my exam is
tomorrow morning at 9 a.m. it's a
physics exam it's quite a tough exam I'm
not going to lie to you it's very
content-heavy
I literally have to know like the whole
course for this particular module I need
to know all of electromagnetism all of
thermodynamics so I'm just sitting here
doing my final revision my flashcards
are out my lecture notes are out
tomorrow's paper involves a load of
writing I actually have to write an
essay and I'm not used to writing essays
I'm used to just doing like calculation
questions and stuff like writing essays
what that's what the humanities students
do it's just me you Joe and Tim who
aren't finished with exams now in this
staircase because we are the three who
take double physics and maths a lot of
my friends finished exams today we went
to spray my friends with Carver today
and yeah just seeing them finished I was
like ah freedom is so close for me but
I'm not quite there yet me and Tim and
you Joe will be sprayed too worried with
Carver when we finish the exam and then
the post exam celebration will begin
once exams are done I have no more work
to do that's my second year it completed
which is crazy
so it's just a matter of hours now I'm
good I and do a few hours more revision
this evening you get a good night's
sleep
go bash up this exam and then I'm free
look at that one day until freedom just
one day it's so close
good morning everyone it's the day of my
last exam and while I hope your links so
nervous for my other ones today I'm just
excited to be done I've got a pre exam
coffee I must say my coffee making
skills are on point this morning this is
a good coffee and I'm having a breakfast
bar well energy you know then I'm gonna
head off very shortly cuz my friends are
gonna leave any minute so I've got to
drink this coffee very very quickly but
yeah I'm just so excited to finish Oh
freedom is within reach I feel like I'm
too excited right now and I'm forgetting
I have to do the actual exam but it's
going to be
good day after this also wish me luck
this is a really tough exam exams over Q
the freedom one touch
[Music]
hello everyone so back and colored happy
the sunshine are the sun's just gone ok
well the Sun was out and it really
reflected my mood because I am on top of
the world exams are over let's just say
what if I want to do I just don't know
where to start fast I'm gonna go to the
loo I really need the loo was the coffee
I had before the exam went right through
me
but after that the partying can begin
don't know what we're doing today but
it's gonna be fun
also look we've been collecting
cardboard because we're doing the
cardboard boat race next week shortly
are you feeling well good everyone's
great
I'm gonna go have a shower how exciting
I'll see you guys later
hey guys we are in the Grafton centre we
are shopping and with Asia and it would
be now great just got so much time on my
hands really having quite a chill time
we've got full this evening but until
then just see it in this who would I
rather have 6 pounds or the opportunity
to retirees memories of owning a
I was convinced this is a good idea so
I'm six pounds down and then top oh
great purchases are being made I need to
buy some shampoo I also need to buy a
birthday card and I want to get more
clothes for my internship but I feel
like that might take time shopping is
quite a stressful experience sometimes
have to put a little thought into things
and try things on don't know if I've got
the endless to do that today I'm about
to do my makeup horrible and so I've got
my headband in I've straightened my hair
I'm not gonna lie I'm feeling a little
bit upset right now
just cuz of how badly my exam one
earlier like it was absolutely terrible
I don't think it could have gone worse
if I wanted it to I've been trying to be
like happy because let you know it
sounds over but I don't know just
throughout the afternoon I've just been
feeling more and more upset about it and
it's just been really getting to me
because I know how badly I did I don't
even think I passed that exam I don't
even think I got 40% and like I just
want to cry I honestly just want to cry
why can I not pull myself together
I'm trying not to care but I just care
but you're I'm going to formal with my
friends this evening to sell it very end
of exams and like I just want to have a
good time with my friends I'm hoping
that if I play some happy music that'll
make me feel better that formal will
make me feel better maybe a good night's
sleep this evening will make me feel
better
all right everyone so informal and look
at my drink
this is preceptory with
Hey look I'm sorry we are at the end of
the police have left the whole staircase
is comfortable this evening we have had
a great time okay sorry sorry they want
a feature probably can't achieve all
[Music]
j'ai pas ie Jesus bar illusion no
already going to massive launch bar in
Cambridge bang in now you hit first best
kpop I'm having Turkish water is great
someone out back in the gym as I have
mentioned going to bed soon we'll see
look we're playing number games council
221 except you add a new rule each time
except now we have to knock on all the
square numbers we have to say some
numbers twice five six you get the idea
what couch we're failing
sometimes we make it to the end and we
have 21 and then we just make a new rule
to make it matter you might think counts
to 21 is easy no it's not good hi
everyone so it's the next day and had a
really good time last night at formal it
was nice to spend time with my friends
and it was nice that none of us felt
guilty because like usually you feel
guilty because you should be working
I had the longest lion this morning ever
and I was like wow I've forgotten what
it was like to just sleep until 11:00
a.m. with no alarm so now I'm up and
I've had breakfast at lunchtime and the
plan is to do some editing this
afternoon tired today actually I have to
say we're just going to take it like
quite easy today
bit of a quiet one everyone so I
apologize for the lack of updates today
but it has been a bit of a waste of the
day to be quite honest just cuz I've
been so so tired all day yeah I've just
been kind of chilling out playing board
games this afternoon with my friends
morning everyone so I'm up and I've
suddenly got this new burst of energy
I'm about to go have a shower because
it's Saturday and that means brunch I've
got a garden party this afternoon which
the vice master is hosting so the vice
master is the person who's kind of
standing in for the master valve college
doesn't have a master our old master
left at the end of last term and we've
got a new master who's starting at the
start of the next academic year but at
the moment we have another college
fellow who's the vice master he and one
of the other fellows are hosting a
garden party unfortunately well it's
been lovely sunny weather while we from
the rising it started pouring with rain
today
it was raining yesterday as well and a
lot of this week is forecast for rain
which is just not ideal is it really
really know what's gonna happen
hopefully the rain stops
anyway this garden party this evening is
for all of second year or all of second
year have been invited at Jesus College
ok I'm gonna go have a shower so I'm
ready for brunch on time morning
everyone I'm in brunch just realized
this is the last brunch of term because
I'm with Enoch that all day I'm having
the pastry which is quite warm at this
time because they've just brought them
out since the morning so turns out it's
a very good time to brunch
also we've got that when I was new to
you I just want to go and book into the
same place I went last year to get my
nails done from a book turns out with
closed down that's not great so I think
I'm going to look up online somewhere
else and maybe I'll like ring off enough
of salonen Birkin now I'm going to meet
my friends and Sainsbury's booking
supplies because we're going to do some
arts and crafts this afternoon everyone
we are making marshmallow and spaghetti
towers you might have seen this
challenge before it's girls this is my
outfit new jumpsuit yes it's still not
looking too sunny outside but it has
stopped raining so I think it's fine
so we're at the garden party which is
inside the Masters Lodge now it's not so
nice weather but we've just been allowed
to have a Biff and nose around the
Masters Lodge because no one's actually
living in here at the moment because
they don't currently have a mastery
he's securely introducing the new master
okay so I've chosen my room in the
Masters Lodge hypothetically if I was
ever to live here this would be my room
it's got a pink wall and look at the
curtains what's out there is that the
new portrait sergeant's okay let's get a
short of the Masters Lodge garden out of
the window that way this is nice
wow we're not allowed a kettle or a mini
fridge and look what the Masters got why
is this fair coz this me it's all very
nice up here though and like we're never
gonna get this chance ever again because
they don't give us beds this nice in our
rooms I know why don't we have sets like
this
we're now wandering around the Masters
Lodge garden oh it's a bit shitty now
it's a bit chilly
yes oh the garden party has appeared
indoors as you can see because the Sun
is not how it is hey guys so we've just
come back to the Gipp I played a bit of
German bridge which is the go-to game at
the moment we also played cheap which mo
won and now we're going to cap don't
know about that hungry there were kind
of sandwiches and stuff at the vice
masters garden party that wasn't in the
garden hey everyone so I've got changed
and I've just been doing a bit of admin
on my computer sending a few emails my
friends are all downstairs and Tim's
friends from home and visited as well
might go see what everyone's up to in a
minute just finishing off my last few
bits of organization stuff so I am
joined by at this evening who's learning
how to edit we are using iMovie the most
high-tech editing software there is you
know it's very mysterious I actually do
recommend it I thought it would be like
a bit not great but is quick it liked it
I have learnt ok is a frequent joke that
we ruin blog clips of page my shots and
read words and other such things and I
have learned that is very frustrating
when it happens because you have to edit
it out because he's had to go edit say
how's it going is the issue I know the
struggle I mean it's really as a
struggle I do not like it I am never
doing it again morning everyone so today
it's a new day as my sign say rightly
says and I am going off to Cox's social
there's gonna be breakfast food there
yeah I'm gonna head off across college
to see the Coxes who I haven't seen in a
while so it'd be nice to have a catch-up
hey guys we're all out in the roost and
I mean I'm just having water because had
a massive roast lunch corks a social was
good had pastries the Coxes really nice
also got my safety briefing for the
rowing races next week this evening so
that'd be fun
here's the college and here's and here's
his friends it's late afternoon and I'm
just about to head off to the safety
briefing for my rowing races I need to
go put some laundry on quickly before I
go I've had such a struggle with laundry
guys so I was going to put my laundry on
yesterday morning I was taking the stuff
down I was about to take it down and
then I heard Tim putting his laundry on
and I was like okay oh well I'll wait
til after Tim you guys later go to put
with a little drone again but nope wills
then put it on drills like haver I far
enough I'll go after will then guess
what we laundry enough to will and he'd
put the laundry on Edie has put there
look John well I'll put my luggage run
off to Edie tomorrow morning
then I go down and look whose stuff is
in the washing machine that will stuff
again apparently one wash isn't enough
so then I was like okay fine where I'm
gonna go after will and then you Joe and
Emma were both like oh we need to do
laundry today Naz line knows you don't
know you don't I'm next in line they're
decent people of course they were like
oh that's okay page you can go first
so like hey great I'm gonna go after
wills second load has finished anyway
then I was just in the roost and a
message on the group chat from Astrid
well can take stuff out at the washing
machine will goes of course not thinking
like you know that I'm in the queue
after him and Astrid puts her stuff on
so you know we've got to this evening we
still haven't managed to do laundry so
I'm gonna go see if the washing machine
is free but there's a lot of time I've
got about eight minutes before him do to
meet the other cooks is to walk over to
the safety briefing yeah guys we have a
free machine let's do some speedy
laundry we've got five minutes let's go
put this stuff in here and I'm gonna
leave you with that laundry cliffhanger
thank you for watching do like do
subscribe and I'll see you soon with
another video bye
[Music]